it takes occurred and determination and
know when to hold your tongue to get a
feather
okay that's coming through that's gonna
that's gonna that's there redheaded
stepchild and so does an Andrea she
doesn't have and and and and and and and
and and and and walked away and I will
follow you if you want me to
we're gonna follow you I will follow you
Philip are you feeling that
oh absolutely I caught it
Greta sticks his hand on that
stealth water past
I saw you guys get a scoop of the crispy
let's not make them low no nothing
nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing
nothing over and said can I have a
little scoop a spoonful he'll know how
asinine is that there are some in that
tribe like the sea which would be
beautiful but as you know when it
received out its sometimes leaves a
stitch so we're great you know that is
probably carrying something parasitic
what are you guys laughing
Philip you have a collision with a hawk
hell no
you
10 15 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 page
right
Higgy
you
I'm sick and tired in a red state ciao
Budda Budda Budda Budda Budda Budda or
Buddha or
mini-mart Musashi or the Gothic a
Michiko characters
Wing Chun kung fu expert here
Oh
but if he did he would probably be fine
excuse me Christina excuse me that is
not me I didn't interrupt you why you
spoke I want to finish what I was saying
franceska Francesca Francesca Francesca
friend friend friend Francesca Francesca
Fred Fred Fred friends quest my prince
for quest move down my goal tonight will
be for Minnie Amado Musashi
franceska yes an immunity idol I was
going to vote for a crying Francesca my
mouth is my mouth is dry and I have that
I've been getting treatment for so Oh
special agent
keep finger things I see you sail away
what are you guys